Radio test support (#24)
NordicPlayground/nrf70-linux-driver: README.md

## Collect Sniffer logs

The procedure to collect sniffer logs is outside the scope of this document as it depends heavily on the environment and the sniffer used.

## Driver feature configuration with RADIO-TEST mode with low power enabled

RADIO-TEST mode is used to characterize TX/RX functionalities of RPU with different test sets.

1. To build the driver with RADIO-TEST mode
   ```bash
    make clean all MODE=RADIO_TEST LOW_POWER=1
    ```
   Ensure that the `rf_wifi_fmac_radio_test.ko` and `dts/nrf70_rpi_interposer.dtbo` files are generated.
2. Load the driver
    ```bash
    sudo insmod nrf_wifi_fmac_radio_test.ko
    ```
3. The commands used for radio test can be found [`here`](https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/samples/wifi/radio_test/radio_test_subcommands.html).
4. To set different test parameters `debugfs` is used
   

>    > For EK to transmit 10000 packets (TX transmit count) with the required modulation, TX power and channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > For nRF70 series device to transmit 10000 packets (TX transmit count) with the required modulation, TX power and channel
```

Author: Update as per suggestion

     (e.g. 11g, 54 Mbps, channel 11):
   ```bash

>    #echo init=11 > /sys/kernel/debug/nrf/wifi/conf

Reviewer: space after `#`

   #echo tx_pkt_tput_mode=0 > /sys/kernel/debug/nrf/wifi/conf
   #echo tx_pkt_rate=54 > /sys/kernel/debug/nrf/wifi/conf
   #echo tx_pkt_len=1024 > /sys/kernel/debug/nrf/wifi/conf
   #echo tx_pkt_gap=100 > /sys/kernel/debug/nrf/wifi/conf
   #echo tx_pkt_num=10000 > /sys/kernel/debug/nrf/wifi/conf
   #echo tx=1 > /sys/kernel/debug/nrf/wifi/conf
   ```
   Once set check the configuration settings in `/sys/kernel/debug/nrf/wifi/conf`. Typically the configuration will be as below
   ```bash

>    root@ubuntu:~# cat /sys/kernel/debug/nrf/wifi/conf

Reviewer: can we remove the `root@ubuntu`
